My dear sister, before I had the opportunity to
connect with Buddhism, I went through an
illness. My family took me to the hospital
for treatment, and my mother also went to see a fortune teller. My uncle was
also at the house of a medium. Then, thanks to
that illness, I was connected with
Buddhism. In 2018, my mother and I
officially took refuge in the Three Jewels at a temple near our home.
Now, my mother tells me that when I was
sick, it was thanks to Xuyen going to the medium that I was able to
meet the Buddha and be born as an animal
as I am now. I wholeheartedly believe in the miraculous and wondrous Dharma
of the Tathagata
and the
Three Jewels, which are the supreme field of merit.
But I want to clarify
my mother's thoughts so that we can both have our
understanding opened. I respectfully ask you, Hoan Hy, to
answer my questions so that I can understand. I sincerely thank you for
your merits.
Respectfully, dear fellow practitioners, here, the mind of Hoan Hy
will share the karmic connections of the
Buddha. The karmic connections of the Buddha are those experienced from
the time he studied with non-Buddhist teachers,
Anh Lam, in his years of seeking guidance and learning the Dharma,
a65, asceticism in the ancient forest,
news of the lost.  He spent 11 years studying with
non-Buddhist teachers and practicing their teachings, but
that didn't lead to liberation,
so he abandoned it
and returned to meditation. He then went to the Bodhi tree where the Dharma egg was
laid. So, was it due to the karmic connection of 6 years of asceticism and searching for a master to learn the Dharma that he had the opportunity to practice under the Bodhi tree and lay the egg of
enlightenment? It was
n't that, but rather
the very achievement of those non-Buddhist teachers that led to his attainment of enlightenment. It's the same with you;
when you have a karmic connection with the Buddha's teachings
from a previous life,
in some karmic connection, then
you encounter the true
Dharma now, not because of any karmic connection or false views.
You know, the true Buddhist teachings
are simply a matter of observing things over
time. We've evaluated
karma based on time, so
that evaluation is wrong,
right? For
example, let's say you marry
a husband who treats you very badly.
Then you leave him and marry
someone else who treats
you very well. That's not due to
karma. You married this bad person, so you marry those good people. It's
not like that, a
replacement, right?
Hey, you haven't reached the scriptures on karma.
Your good karma must originate from
your own good karma, not from
bad karma. This is part of
your overall cause and effect. That is,
during the process of practicing
Buddhism, you may have had karmic connections from a
previous life, but you also have
karmic connections from past lives, so
now you encounter those karmic connections, and then
you encounter Buddhism. As for the
Buddha, it's not due to karmic connections from past lives,
but rather due to the karmic connection of days and years spent seeking guidance and
learning from a master.  Six years of asceticism in the deep forest.
Why did I go through
that process? Because of the karmic connection of the
Buddha's teachings. At that time, the heterodox teachers
in India were very
famous and dominated society.
So I had to learn from those teachers.
On that day, I achieved everything they
had achieved.
Firstly, to affirm that the
Buddha's teachings are the ultimate Dharma, superior to
all the other teachings practiced by heterodox teachers.
Because whatever teachings the heterodox teachers practiced, I
had
already attained the teachings of their respective masters, but they did
not bring happiness. Only in the end, the
Buddha's teachings brought
happiness. That was a karmic connection for me to transmit the
Dharma, proclaim it in the world, and
subdue the heterodox followers. Therefore, I
spent five years seeking a master and learning the Dharma, enduring 65 years of asceticism in the deep
forest. It wasn't due to a
flood like ours; it was due to karmic connections, the kind of karmic connection
of the Bodhisattvas, born
early, that
is the karmic connection of the true Buddha.  The enlightened party...
Yes, it's not karma like
we think. Everything we've experienced so far is
n't due to cause and effect.
Your illness isn't due to cause and effect either.
You met a medium
and learned about Buddhism
because of the good karma you
sowed in your previous life. That's why you
encountered Buddhism in this life. Your illness is due to
another karma, and meeting your medium is due to
another karma. You must understand this.
And if you can learn during punishment,
you can
diligently transfer a
lot of Buddhist teachings to
your relatives, or to the
medium. If the medium becomes enlightened by the law of cause and effect in
Buddhism, that's wonderful. It's
not a scheme. The reason is that you came
to the medium. Whatever it is, it
must be a result of
your own personal connection with Buddhism, or the good karma of the virtuous and knowledgeable people from your
previous life.
This connection has brought you to
Buddhism; that's a good seed.